Search
People also search for:
Corporate
Business
Consulting
Finance
Reports
Home
About
Services
Blog
Career
Job Apply
Our Clients
Contact
quick contact:
Fifth Settlement
+201016566743
info@meta-egypt-agency.com
Home
Career
Career Details
Empowering You to Achieve Your Fullest Career Growth Potential
Construction Manager
A Construction Manager oversees and coordinates construction projects from inception to completion, ensuring they are finished on time, within budget, and to high quality standards. They manage a diverse team of professionals, including architects, engineers, and subcontractors, and handle tasks such as project planning, resource allocation, and problem-solving. Effective communication and leadership skills are essential as they negotiate contracts, ensure compliance with regulations.
Job Responsibilities
Manages, designs, and implements policies and procedures relating to a company's Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Ensures that inpatient and outpatient counseling and care facilities meet company standards.
Provides training to management for dealing with medical and behavioral problems.
Provides counseling to employees in the program.
Requires a bachelor's degree in a related area.
Typically reports to top management.
Typically manages through subordinate managers and professionals in larger groups of moderate complexity.
Provides input to strategic decisions that affect the functional area of responsibility.
Qualifications
Minimum 8 years work experience as Employee Assistance Professional
CA Licensed clinical social worker (LCSW) or,
CA Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT or LMFT) or,
A licensed psychologist in the state of California (PhD)
Excellent communication skills to effectively interact with our staff and faculty
Ability to work effectively both on an individual basis and as part of a team
Strong computer skills to maintain accurate and complete documentation
Other Benefits
Health, dental, and vision plans, tuition assistance for our employees and their families, paid time off, flexible spending accounts.
2:1 retirement plan contributions, child care centers, and up to $50,000 housing subsidy
ICF (International Coach Federation) certified
CEAP Certified Employee Assistance Professional desired, but not required.
Locations New Jersey, USA
Job Type Full Time
Salary $7k - 15k USD
Working Days Weekly 5 days
Let’s Build Together
Need to rethink your
business process?
Useful Pages
services
About
Blog
Contact
Home
About
Services
Blog
Contact
Have any questions?
Free: +201016566743
join us
to shape the future
©2024, META Agency.
All Rights Reserved.
META